PassCode
==========

## NOTE: THIS IS STILL UNDER DEVELOPMENT - SOME BUGS DO EXIST

Password generator for desktops.

`passcode` is an application/library that can be used to generate highly-secure random password
for multiple sites based on a single master password and site/app-based keywords. This ensures that
each site uses a unique password and you cannot break another site's password if one site's password
is lost.

`passcode` is based on https://github.com/jcoglan/vault library which offers a similar solution.

`passcode` is a simple password manager. Given a passphrase and the name of a service, it returns a 
strong password for that service. You only need to remember your passphrase, which you do not give 
to anyone, and `passcode` will give a different password for every service you use. The passphrase 
can be any text you like.

Given the same passphrase and service name, the program will generate the same result every time, 
so you can use it to look up those impossible-to-remember passwords when you need them.

According to [Dropbox's zxcvbn password strength measure](http://dl.dropbox.com/u/209/zxcvbn/test/index.html), if your 
dictionary English password takes about a second to crack, those generated by vault take over a million 
times the age of the observable universe to crack by brute force.

For more information on the project, refer to https://github.com/sangupta/passcode project.

Features
--------

* Simple to use command-line app
* Passwords can be made compatible to the `vault` project
* Configure number of upper/lower-case alphabets, numbers, special characters etc
* May use your own private SSH key
* Save your settings in a dot file - not the passwords though


Downloads
---------

The library can be downloaded from Maven Central using:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.sangupta</groupId>
    <artifactId>passcode</artifactId>
    <version>1.0.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency>
```

Changelog
---------

**Current Development**

* Initial release

Versioning
----------

For transparency and insight into our release cycle, and for striving to maintain backward compatibility, 
`passcode` will be maintained under the Semantic Versioning guidelines as much as possible.

Releases will be numbered with the follow format:

`<major>.<minor>.<patch>`

And constructed with the following guidelines:

* Breaking backward compatibility bumps the major
* New additions without breaking backward compatibility bumps the minor
* Bug fixes and misc changes bump the patch

For more information on SemVer, please visit http://semver.org/.

License
-------
	
```
PassCode - Password Generator
Copyright (c) 2014, Sandeep Gupta

http://sangupta.com/projects/passcode

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

	http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
